Identify necessary permission to query synapse [sc-14890] (#445)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/synapse/README.md

## Setup

> 1. Setup Synapse SQL login and SQL user:

Reviewer: You can probably drop the entire point 1. Instead, we should always recommend creating a dedicated user with the minimally required permissions like other systems, e.g. https://github.com/MetaphorData/connectors/tree/main/metaphor/snowflake#setup

    - Set up the SQL admin username and password from Synapse workspace in [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.Synapse%2Fworkspaces).
    - You could directly use the above admin user to process the Synapse connector.
      For security and privacy reasons, we recommend creating a read-only user to process the Synapse connector.
      1. Set up the read-only user for serverless SQL databases
          ```sql
          -- nagivate to master database
          CREATE LOGIN <username> WITH PASSWORD = '<password>'

>           GRANT CONNECT ANY DATABASE TO <username>;

Author: from this [post](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/t-sql/statements/grant-server-permissions-transact-sql?view=sql-server-ver16):

```bash
CONNECT ANY DATABASE Permission
Grant CONNECT ANY DATABASE to a login that must connect to all databases 
that currently exist and to any new databases that might be created in future.   
Does not grant any permission in any database beyond connect. 
Combine with SELECT ALL USER SECURABLES or VIEW SERVER STATE 
to allow an auditing process to view all data or all database states on the instance of SQL Server.

```

          GRANT CONNECT ANY DATABASE TO <username>;

>           GRANT SELECT ALL USER SECURABLES TO <username>;

Reviewer: This seems like a very broad permission. I wonder if there's a metadata-only permission?

      2. Set up the read-only user for dedicated SQL databases
          ```sql
          -- nagivate to master database
          CREATE LOGIN <username> WITH PASSWORD = '<password>'

>           CREATE USER <username> FROM LOGIN <username>

Author: Need to create the  `user`  for both master and user dedicated SQL database.  [Link](https://youtu.be/qDIL1AUz0GA?t=595)

          -- switch to user dedicated SQL database
          CREATE USER <username> FROM LOGIN <username>
          GRANT VIEW DATABASE STATE TO <username>
          EXEC sp_addrolemember 'db_datareader', '<username>';
          ```

>           > Note: For dedicated SQL pools, you'll need to run the above command for each database you'd like to connect to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          > Note: You'll need to run the above command for each database you'd like to connect to.
```

## Setup

1. Setup Synapse SQL login and SQL user:
    - Set up the SQL admin username and password from Synapse workspace in [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.Synapse%2Fworkspaces).
    - You could directly use the above admin user to process the Synapse connector.

>       For security and privacy reasons, we recommend creating a read-only user to process the Synapse connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      We recommend creating a dedicated [non-adminitrator user](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/synapse-analytics/sql/sql-authentication?tabs=provisioned#non-administrator-users) for the connector.
```

>       There are many ways to create read-only users. You could refer [tutorial](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/synapse-analytics/sql/sql-authentication?tabs=provisioned#non-administrator-users)

Reviewer: Drop this line.

      or follow steps:
      1. Open [Synapse studio](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/synapse-analytics/get-started-create-workspace#open-synapse-studio):

>       2. Select `Develop` on the left panel and create one SQL script

Reviewer: 1 & 2 are a bit redundant given that Synapse admins will know how to run SQL commands.

>       3. If you have both serverless SQL databases and dedicated SQL databases, need to set them up respectively

Reviewer: Instead of overloading this point with instructions for both serverless & dedicated, let's split it into 2 separate points?

          ### Serverless
            Create the read-only user for all databases

>             ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            ```sql
```

            # nagivate to master database
            CREATE LOGIN <username> WITH PASSWORD = '<password>'
            CREATE USER <username> FROM LOGIN <username>
            GRANT CONNECT ANY DATABASE TO <username>;
            GRANT SELECT ALL USER SECURABLES TO <username>;
            ```
          ### Dedicated SQL
            Create the read-only user and add permission for every dedicated SQL database
            ```bash
            # nagivate to master database
            CREATE LOGIN <username> WITH PASSWORD = '<password>'
            # switch to user dedicated SQL database
            CREATE USER <username> FROM LOGIN <username>
            GRANT VIEW DATABASE STATE TO <username>
            EXEC sp_addrolemember 'db_datareader', '<username>';
          ```

>    [`CAUTION`] Currently only supports one user to process Synapse connector. To crawl all databases you need. set up a single read-only user for all databases you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > Note: For dedicated SQL pools, you'll need to run the above command for each database you'd like to connect to.
```
